This directory has 6 code files. Here I will outline what each file is all about.
1. Dlib Face Recognition: This python notebook contains the code for doing face recognition using the face_recognition library in Python which also requires dlib internally to function. The code is inspired by a real-time automated attendance capture system(which I had explored earlier as a student) which has been commented out. Some additional cells try to run the algorithm by placing a maximum cap on the RAM using the resource library in Python. This was done to assess the minimum RAM required as the code finally has to run on Raspberry Pi 0.
2. Face Detection Smart Glasses: THis notebook contains the code for detecting faces using Haar Cascades found in OpenCV. The error in the output can be ignored as they are obtained when the video file ends and can be easily taken care of within a try except block in Python. The same was not done because this was just supposed to be a demo instead of production code.
3. Few Shot Learning: This notebook explores the use of Tensorflow in creating a Few Shot Learning Model for face recognition (Not a complete notebook).
4. Image Augmentation: For training the few shot and one shot models, I was looking at image_augmentation techniques that are relevant to the project at hand. This notebook uses skimage to introduce various types of noise in the images we had(celebrity pictures. It also uses scipy's ndimage to perform rotations on the image.
5. One Shot Learning: This notebook explores the use of Tensorflow in creating a One Shot Learning Model(Not a complete notebook)
6. PyTorch_Few_Shot: This notebook presents a complete model that is trained and tested on the dataset we had and is written using Pytorch and custom training is done. The best output that we got was an accuracy of 72% in Monte Carlo Simulations of the model. The most recent output in the notebook cell shows the accuracy results after some additional experimentation(which evidently didnt work well for us but was exploration that was necessary!).
